Docs lint (#90)
Stegosource/vuetensils: docs/filters/truncate.md

export default {
  computed: {
    text() {

>       return 'Orion\\\'s sword hundreds of thousands cosmic ocean as a patch of light the ash of stellar alchemy quasar. Network of wormholes paroxysm of global death vanquish the impossible kindling the energy hidden in matter hydrogen atoms invent the universe.';

Reviewer: I don't understand. Shouldn't the one backslash work to escape the single quote? I actually don't know what 3 backslashes would do.

Reviewer: I would also support setting the ESLint rule `"avoidEscape": true` or `"allowTemplateLiterals": true`

https://eslint.org/docs/rules/quotes#avoidescape
https://eslint.org/docs/rules/quotes#allowtemplateliterals

Author: * `'aaa's'` => Breaks in Editor => shows as `'aaa's'` in Vue live  => Vue Live gives `Unexpected token (5:20)`
* `'aaa\'s'` => Works in Editor => shows as `'aaa's'` in Vue live => `Unexpected token (5:20)`
* `'aaa\\\'s'` => Works in Editor => shows as `'aaa\'s'` in Vue live => Displays without errors

Reviewer: Oh interesting. Do you think this is a better solution than modufying `avoidEscape` or `allowTemplateLiterals`?

export default {
  computed: {
    text() {

>       return 'Orion\\\'s sword hundreds of thousands cosmic ocean as a patch of light the ash of stellar alchemy quasar. Network of wormholes paroxysm of global death vanquish the impossible kindling the energy hidden in matter hydrogen atoms invent the universe.';

Author: ```suggestion
      return 'The sword of Orion hundreds of thousands cosmic ocean as a patch of light the ash of stellar alchemy quasar. Network of wormholes paroxysm of global death vanquish the impossible kindling the energy hidden in matter hydrogen atoms invent the universe.';
```
